Your task is to create an MCP server that provides tools for booking badminton and tennis courts via the website twojtenis.pl,  the server is supporting both local (STDIO) and remote mode using SSE. For development use Python, and the framework best suited for the task (probably FastMCP). Follow best practices for building structured code, use typed entities and guidelines for mcp servers. For external calls,  use .txt files in the folder with curl requests for basic operations on the website. In case of Python, use 'uv' for dependencies management. The project folder also contains code in 'parse_schedule.py' that supposed to parse courts schedule response format for 'get_schedule' method. The 'shchedule.json' file contains example of the schedule response from the request_schedule.txt call. During the service initialization it should try to call 'keep_logged' with saved PHPSESSID, if failed -will log in with registered username and password provided in configuration. Returned string with 'set-cookie'  header with PHPSESSID value will be saved for future calls used as the user_id to authorize all subsequent calls via cookie 'PHPSESSID'. To keep logged session 'keep_logged' post request is repeating every minute. PHPSESSID cookie lifetime is 120 min.
Here is the list of methods with descriptions:
	login - change user credentials with provided email and password, 
	get_clubs - returns list of available clubs in static json, converted from csv file with columns club_id, address, phone, 
	get_club_schedule - returns json with tabular data regarding availability of courts, takes the club_id and sport_id as input, 
	get_reservations - returns json data regarding user's booked courts,  takes user_id, 
	put_reservation - makes a booking for selected courts and time for the user. Takes user_id,  club_id,  court number,  date and hours as parameters, 
	delete_reservation - deletes a booking record made for the user,  takes user_id,  club_id,  court number,  date and hours as parameters